[Music]
blizzard cows soon attracts a Bears
attention it's something new to play
with but polar bears play rough and
retreat is the better part of our
fortunately blizzardcam has a decoy
it's spherical shape makes snowball cam
far tougher to crack although just as a
tree game
[Music]
as the Bears returned to fighting
snowball cam will can rule it well this
is BR Fight Club a chance to test their
strength and practice moves that one day
will use in earnest snowball cam is
right in the thick of it
[Music]
soon they'll be fighting over females
then things will really get serious
[Music]
now they even have time for a game of
football they should enjoy it while they
can soon they will be rivals it's the
price of grew enough
you